Alright, let's go over the solution if
we just review what we had at first for
a moment, you had at click,
and then a get taco,
which was an empty method right here.
And the where is my taco that's hard
coded with order status as a string and
order submitted as no and
you had to use a washer.
So if we go to the solution.
So here we have click me to
order a taco with get taco.
In the get taco method,
we're going to go to this order status.
And instead of it being an empty string,
we're gonna start with where is my taco?
And we're gonna put that instead in here.
So instead of hard coding,
where is my taco and
swapping things out in
a go find that kind of way
we're gonna make a kind of dynamic
relationship between order status.
Order status starts off with where is
my taco and then when you click that,
this order status updates to
the taco with exclamation point.
There are a number of ways
that you could have done this.
This is one way that I'm doing it in
order to kind of hook into a watcher.
So, for the watcher what I have,
Is this order status so
I'm gonna watch order status change.
As soon as it goes from
where is my taco to the taco
I'm watching order status and
the new value and old value.
And I'm gonna say this
order submitted which is no
turns into your order was submitted.
And then I have a set timeout that
turns this .order submitted back
into null after 1000 seconds or
1000 milliseconds which is a second.
So, there's a lot of different ways
that you could have done this but
this is definitely one way was to
watch that order status change and
then do something else
based on that change.